com/example/digitalrestaurant/databinding/ActivityIntroPageBinding.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.databinding.ActivityIntroPageBinding
com/example/digitalrestaurant/Customer.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.Customer
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.Customer$1
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.Customer$2
com/example/digitalrestaurant/databinding/ActivityCustomerPageBinding.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.databinding.ActivityCustomerPageBinding
com/example/digitalrestaurant/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.BuildConfig
com/example/digitalrestaurant/SignupPage.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.SignupPage
com/example/digitalrestaurant/SellerUploadPage.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.SellerUploadPage
com/example/digitalrestaurant/PageOne.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.PageOne
com/example/digitalrestaurant/databinding/ActivityFoodSellerBinding.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.databinding.ActivityFoodSellerBinding
com/example/digitalrestaurant/IntroPage.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.IntroPage
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.IntroPage$1
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.IntroPage$2
com/example/digitalrestaurant/RestaurantsData/RestautantsDetails.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.RestaurantsData.RestautantsDetails
com/example/digitalrestaurant/databinding/ActivityPageOneBinding.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.databinding.ActivityPageOneBinding
com/example/digitalrestaurant/databinding/ActivitySellerUploadPageBinding.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.databinding.ActivitySellerUploadPageBinding
com/example/digitalrestaurant/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/example/digitalrestaurant/databinding/MyLocationsBinding.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.databinding.MyLocationsBinding
com/example/digitalrestaurant/Adaptor/LocationDetails/LocationDetails.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.Adaptor.LocationDetails.LocationDetails
com/example/digitalrestaurant/Adaptor/GodwinAdaptor.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.Adaptor.GodwinAdaptor
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.Adaptor.GodwinAdaptor$GodwinViewHolder
com/example/digitalrestaurant/Adaptor/RestaurantsAdaptor.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.Adaptor.RestaurantsAdaptor
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.Adaptor.RestaurantsAdaptor$RestaurantsViewHolder
com/example/digitalrestaurant/Adaptor/LocationAdaptor.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.Adaptor.LocationAdaptor
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.Adaptor.LocationAdaptor$LocationViewHolder
com/example/digitalrestaurant/databinding/ItemsDisplayBinding.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.databinding.ItemsDisplayBinding
com/example/digitalrestaurant/databinding/ActivitySignupPageBinding.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.databinding.ActivitySignupPageBinding
com/example/digitalrestaurant/UserData/ItemData.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.UserData.ItemData
com/example/digitalrestaurant/data/Result.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.data.Result
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.data.Result$1
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.data.Result$Error
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.data.Result$Success
com/example/digitalrestaurant/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/digitalrestaurant/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.data.LoginRepository
com/example/digitalrestaurant/LoginPage.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.LoginPage
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.LoginPage$1
com/example/digitalrestaurant/databinding/MyRestaurantsBinding.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.databinding.MyRestaurantsBinding
com/example/digitalrestaurant/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.data.LoginDataSource
com/example/digitalrestaurant/FoodSeller.java
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.FoodSeller
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.FoodSeller$1
 com.example.digitalrestaurant.FoodSeller$2
